feat: add a script to disseminate honey tokens in the users VCSs repositories (#13)
GitGuardian/ggtools: README.md

------------ | -------------
[api-migration](./api-migration) | Facilitates the migration of incident remediation progress across different environments, including SaaS ↔ Self-Hosted, Self-Hosted ↔ Self-Hosted, and SaaS ↔ SaaS.
[new-arch-migration](./new-arch-migration) | Assists in transitioning from the legacy GitGuardian architecture to the new architecture for Self-Hosted environments.
[helm-preflights](./helm-preflights) | Ensures GitGuardian requirements are met prior installation or upgrade via [Helm on existing clusters](https://docs.gitguardian.com/self-hosting/installation/installation-existing-helm) by conducting tests from both the local user and the Kubernetes cluster.[helm-preflights](./helm-preflights) | Ensures GitGuardian requirements are met prior installation or upgrade via [Helm on existing clusters](https://docs.gitguardian.com/self-hosting/installation/installation-existing-helm) by conducting tests from both the local user and the Kubernetes cluster.

> [honey-token-tools](./helm-preflights) | Script to disseminate honey tokens in your repositories via Pull Requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[honey-token-tools](./honey-token-tools) | Script to disseminate [honey tokens](https://docs.gitguardian.com/honeytoken/home) in your repositories via Pull Requests.
```

Reviewer 2: And can we actually rename the folder _honeytoken-tools_ instead of _honey-token-tools_? 🙏
